The fate of the galaxy rests on your shoulders.
Let's go. Put some pants on.
Never mind. There's no time for pants, Jerry.
I'll make you a pair of pants on the way.
It's a Rick and Jerry adventure.
Rick and Jerry episode!
I thought, hey, what about Jerry? He's good with regular folk.
This is a real situation where Jerry could really shine.
He's a master-convincer.
Rick, I'm not an idiot. I know what this is.
Oh. Okay, well, I told Morty, look, parents get divorced.
They get sad. He'll be fine.
But I think he's worried you're gonna, you know...
And you know how Morty gets when he gets emotional?
It impedes my work, so I told him I'd take you out and give you a win.
Wait, my son asked you to take me on some kind of pity adventure
to keep me from killing myself?
Wait, what did you think it was?
An execution.
Geez. You really do need a win.
No, I don't know. I mean, you never made me the pants, so...
So you thought I was gonna drive you into the middle of the galaxy
and shove you into the vacuum of space with your dick hanging out?
And we're seeing how you'd activate your pants.
I mean, shit, I'll make you the pants right now.
Take me two seconds to make your pants.
I have pants at home.
Jerry, if I make pants, they'll be better than your pants at home.
Also, if I wanted to kill you...
Yeah, I get it. It'd be amazing.
Please take me home.
I'll tell my son we had an amazing adventure.
Well, if it's all the same, can we go get our story straight?
Because you're a terrible liar.
You called me a master-convincer!
You believed me?
Huh. This seems kind of fancy.
Jerry, for all you know, this is the equivalent of an alien truck stop.
You have no frame of reference.
You're in a universe beyond your imagining.
But, yes, it is super fancy.
I mean, my job here is to make Morty happy.
I'm not gonna take you somewhere dangerous.
Great thought, Jess.
I told you if I ever saw your face in here again,
I would stick you like the dick you are.
Snoopy bloopers, I told you if you tried.
There'd be two funerals.
Someone?
I don't know.
My friend, it has been too long.
It's great to see you again, buddy.
Yeah, you're doing it.
Mr. Sanchez, get anything you want.
The resort's covered in an immortality field.
You can't die here.
That's the gimmick.
Okay, but still bad parenting.
Hey, rich-a-holes are rich-a-holes.
They all pay top dollar to come here and enjoy a consequence-free vacation.
No death, no disease, no dismemberment.
You can't even have a heart attack.
Got it.
The perfect place to take the most fragile being in the universe.
I can tell you expect me to refute that, but it's right on the money.
If I come home without you, I doubt Morty's gonna let me off the hook.
Yeah, but what if you came home with Jeff Goldblum?
Jeff Goldblum?
What the fuck are you talking about, Jerry?
Jesus, holy fucking shit.
Yo, what's up, big chill?
Don't go into that telepod.
Maybe we would have fun on a fake adventure.
On a fake adventure.
Speaking of, what are we gonna tell Morty?
I don't know, but whatever it is, we're gonna need a couple more of these babies.
What's wrong?
Mom, do you think I'm hot?
I don't think that's something that matters.
So I'm not hot?
I'm saying the part of you that cares about that is a part you shouldn't give any energy to.
That's not an answer!
Because I'm not an issue of Cosmo, okay?
I'm your mother and a doctor and...
I'm hideous!
Jeez, what's with her?
Teenage girl stuff.
Is that a hoof collage?
It's perfectly legal if that's what you're wondering.
Cool, Z's.
We just don't have anything in common anymore, Summer.
Oh yeah, Ethan?
What do you have in common with Trisha Lang?
A mutual love of French cinema?
The belief that a carbon tax is the only viable solution to climate change?
Or could it be her massive stripper titties?
There it is.
Boob-ya.
And that's when Malachi the Squid King ripped off his face and beneath it is my face.
I liked it.
Thank you, sir.
Yeah, of course he likes it.
Look at him.
Motherfucker got two heads and three trunks.
All right, we'll put a pin in it.
I'm gonna go take a leak.
My hands are dry, my hands are dry!
My name is Rosado Groupon.
I am the Assistant General Manager of the restaurant.
Do you have any comic cards?
Because I might have some thoughts.
My kingdom was usurped by force,
with weapons and technology supplied by your father and my father.
I'm not a good man.
I'm not good man.
I'm not a good person.
I'm not very good, my first chance at a connoisseur
was a guy named
an Swickering Man.
between the first Worley and the third Durley,
the ride dips just outside the immortality field.
You're asking me to lure Rick to his death?
I'm only asking you to go on a ride with Rick,
get off the ride without Rick, and go home to your family.
Where you can wonder about having a vagina.
Okay, okay. That was a very specific example,
pull from then there.
I don't want to be known as the vagina guy.
Zoto, you needed.
Someone ordered the Nuzzy-Guzzy Fresh and Fuzzy Special.
Mmm. Look, I'm not like Rick, so you're free to do as you please.
But there comes a time in every man's life when he must choose the foundation
on which his legacy will be built.
One of compromise, one of blood.
Oh, yeah. That's what I'm talking about.
Oops. Okay. A little more on the other side then?
Oh, come on!
Oh, jeez! Ah, yes!
So the hospital just lets you walk right out of there with horse parts in a bag?
For Christ's sake, Morty, women going through a divorce need to create a voucher.
What was that?
Summer!
I'm coming, Summer!
What the hell happened?
Oh, damn it!
How do we get her back to normal?
I don't know, man. This thing is pretty complicated.
I'm gonna call Rick.
Well, hold on. We can't just call your grandpa whenever there's a problem.
We can handle this ourselves.
I mean, I don't see the point in trying to.
This is obviously Rick-level shit.
I have a medical degree.
Is that what this is about? Like, you want to prove yourself?
Oh, it's not about anything, Morty. How dare you?
Good, good. Then I'll just call her.
Ow!
Morty, I need this.
Hey, Jerry. Triple Trunks here says he knows a place where the ladies drop panties for anyone by petal.
Yeah, I'm not really interested. My heart still belongs to Beth.
Oh, huh. Okay.
What? You don't think I have a shot?
I didn't say that.
Excuse me. I have another one of these.
Coming right up.
Things weren't always so bad between Beth and me. We had some good times when we were younger.
Oh, yeah, I bet. That's how teenage pregnancy happens, my friend.
Yeah, no. Things were pretty great, even until a couple of years ago.
Jerry, I get it. That's around the time I moved in with you guys.
Oh, I guess you're right.
Jerry, you know, I hope you're not suggesting that I had anything to do with your marriage breaking up,
because there are some major issues between you and Beth that have been there since you guys met.
Hey, to new beginnings.
To the Whirly-Durly.
The Whirly-Durly? All right. What's going on here?
When did you get cool?
When you stole my wife!
She did it a long time ago. We're going on the Whirly-Durly!
Whirly-Durly, baby.
Ah, look at this. It says normalize. I bet if we just press that.
But if the machine was made by spider people, normal would mean eight legs.
Oh, God, are you going to go on another spiel like you did with a flesh-colored crayon?
I'm pretty sure normalize will make her normal.
I'd call that progress.
She's huge!
And normal.
I'm not normal!
Okay, this says reverse. Done and done.
I don't think that's a good idea.
Oh, come on. What else could reverse possibly mean?
Mom!
Call Rick!
Thank you.
There's a customer service number on here.
Mom!
Oh, man. This is going to be awesome.
I got a hand it to you, Jerry. This was a solid idea.
Uh, yeah. Uh-huh.
And you know what? I'll cop to it.
I put a lot of strain on your marriage. It wasn't fair.
I'm sorry.
What?
I didn't respect your marriage. I certainly didn't do it in any favors.
And for what it's worth, I'll apologize to Beth for it when we get home.
Woo! Whirly-dirly! Yeah!
Stop the ride! We gotta get off.
What are you talking about, buddy?
We gotta get out of this thing. We gotta get out.
Jerry, come on, man. We haven't even gotten to the first whirly.
No, no. This sucks.
It's so boring. I mean, I'm falling asleep here.
Let's just get out and crawl down the sides.
No!
Ah, get down! Duck down!
It's more fun when you scrunch down.
Jerry, look!
Oh, shit.
Rick, up here. There's a spot where you can kill him.
Good call, Jerry.
How do you know about that?
Um...
What is that?
So, uh, Jerry, big fan of the whirly-dirly are you?
Not anymore, obviously.
But when you were, how did you know about it?
We had a deal, Jerry Smith.
It's a really common name.
Okay?
Oh.
I knew you wouldn't let me die.
That was never an option.
Because you never had a son?
No, because I need a living organism coated in give-al snake pile
to attract a smug life runner.
Wait, what's happening?
Use that confusion, Jerry.
It'll make you wriggle more like an abandoned newborn.
Jesus Christ, what the fuck, Rick?
Help! Help me!
God!
Help me!
There's a spaceport 20 miles south.
We'll be able to board a galaxy-class cruise ship
and jump through a wormhole that'll put us
within spinning distance of the Milky Way.
But hey, it's about the journey, not the destination, right, Jerry?
Just stay put, sweetie. Mom's still on hold.
More Pfizer customer service. How may I help you?
Yes, I'm having a little trouble with one of your machines.
I'm sorry to hear that, ma'am.
Do you see a little compartment on the side of the machine?
Let me check. Yes, got it.
Mom, great. Now, do you see the little button next to it?
I do.
Give that button a push.
Okay.
Mom, listen to me. We're free!
Okay, so I pushed the button and three little men ran out.
What do I do next?
Hello? I think we got disconnected.
Morty!
Don't Morty me!
I tricked Rick into taking Dad on an adventure
because I thought I could get a break from this kind of shit.
But no, like father, like goddamn daughter!
You want to be like Rick? Congratulations!
You're just as arrogant and just as irresponsible!
Everything okay here?
Mind your own goddamn business, Gene.
I'm having a conversation with my mother here.
Kissing Rick's ass isn't going to help keep him around, Mom,
but it will help you lose everyone else.
Like I lost Summer.
Hey, you haven't lost her yet.
No, I definitely did. She's gone.
God damn it!
Go ahead.
Oh, come on!
What's happening?
Your friend has Class C or above cybernetic augmentations.
Emphasis on the above.
In any case, he needs to be neutralized.
What? Wait!
Ugh, brain herdy.
What did you do?
It's a synaptic dampener that blocks the brain.
It's a synaptic dampener that blocks violent tendencies
and controversial thought.
He will now be an ideal passenger.
I want cookies and a 90-minute cut of Avatar.
Seriously?
Quit it.
No where often six hours.
It's cheaper than banning dangerous people from flights.
I mean, let everybody buy a ticket, right?
Otherwise, the terrorists win.
I'm sorry, I'm not a classic maternal archetype.
Okay, I don't know what to do when you people come to me
with your weird puberty issues.
What are you gonna do when your daughter asks you
if she's attractive?
I'll say yes.
Lordy, gross!
Well, she's gonna be super hot.
Her mother's gonna be Jessica.
Wait, when did Summer ask you that?
Right before she Clive barkered herself.
Why?
Wait, I know where she is.
Ethan and Summer were supposed to go camping,
and then he dumped Summer for this girl Trisha Lang
who's got huge boobies and took her campsite.
The one with the name that sounds like somebody gave up halfway through naming it.
Uh, Camp Flavenaba!
Mama's coming, baby.
Mama's coming and she cares about your titties.
They have sweet-smiggle honey cookies,
mmm, and low-calorie petroleum flakes.
Obviously, cookies.
Let's get you the flakes, then.
Okay, but it's not what I wanted.
Well, maybe next time you won't be such a dumb piece of shit
and you can pick for yourself.
That's not nice.
What's that?
Did you just have a controversial thought?
No.
That's what I thought, bitch, you little punk-ass.
Which is the best.
I agree.
You've made things even easier than if you hadn't been incompetent.
Uh-oh, we get shoot-shoot now.
Alright, folks, if you could please take your seats.
We're about to enter the wormhole,
so I hope everybody bought at dinner first.
Nice.
Jerry, step over there and lock yourself in the escape pod.
You're not killing us?
I'm killing Rick.
You're free to go.
You're no threat to me or anyone.
Now you're just being mean.
Yeah, you're mean. No offense.
Mean would be shooting you, Jerry.
This is saving a bullet.
Go back to your quietly ashamed family and live out the rest of your days in denial of your vagina fantasies.
It was a one-time thought that everyone has.
What are you doing?
I'm being triumphantly brave.
It's not triumphantly or brave.
You're not risking anything.
You might shoot me.
I think you know I won't.
Because you know I feel sorry for you.
You're just doing this so you can tell yourself you fought-
Ow!
Temporal shield compromise.
Congratulations, Jerry.
You get to die a man.
Well, that's okay. I'll leave.
Please don't shoot.
I'm the vagina guy, remember?
Whoa.
What is happening to me?
Where is this?
Where am I?
Am I dead?
Am I still alive?
Those aren't the questions you should be asking.
Shhh.
Ah!
Ah, God.
You're a very little spummin' here.
I have shit on my ass.
Fuck this.
Who am I?
I'm time!
I'm literally time!
Oh, God.
I feel like our souls were united and we're all one with eternity.
Our bodies unchanged, yet our minds have lived a thousand lifetimes.
Is that enough time for me to forgive you?
I don't know, but it's enough time for a synaptic dampener to wear off.
Jesus!
He hadn't decided he was still going to kill us.
He was talking himself into it. I've seen it before.
Cosmic apotheosis wears off faster than salvia.
I'm starting to believe you because I just finished merging with your essence for an endless epoch
and I'm already back to thinking you're an asshole.
Fine with me. Let's just go our separate ways.
Sounds like you and the word epoch have a lot of catching up to do.
Wait, don't leave me!
Alright, folks. You're free to get up and walk around the cabin and maybe take the wormhole out for breakfast.
Okay, you could do the dinner one or the breakfast one, but not both.
You think you got that thing figured out?
Yeah, I know what I'm doing.
Good. Because I have an idea.
It's actually a contraction of some and more. You see that?
Oh, wow. I was way up.
Morty? What's happening here?
Summer got into my grandpa's garage, messed around and turned herself into a monster.
My mom did the same to make her feel better. She's a good mom.
Oh, my God. I have to go call my mother!
Tush up!
Wait, Ethan! Ethan! Hey, it's okay. Sit down.
You made my sister cry, Ethan. You mess with her body image.
Look, Morty, I...
Shhh!
Careful, Ethan. Your s'more is burning.
Uh, I guess we better get on the same page about our fake adventure.
Right.
I'll make you a deal. I'll leave out the part where you tried to murder me.
And I'll leave out the part where you admitted to sabotaging our marriage.
You wanna...
Nah, if the family sees me like this, they'll feel sorry for me.
Which is no longer my signature move.
Later days, amigo.
I'm sorry.
There you go.
Actually, I just realized I don't have my wallet and my bus passes in there, so maybe...
Stay strong, Jerry. I believe in you.
I tell you, fellas, this is the life.
It certainly is.
To freedom!
Looks like a 4-22.
A couple cranks on a scaling knob with a four-dilla bike crossfade would fix that up in a jiff.
Four? You'd be lucky to clear 13% demorphized with that kind of range.
Gentlemen, gentlemen, what did we agree on?
No, we're talking.
Let's just relax and enjoy our retirement.
Shhh!
I did it!
Did you get any of that?